\# SonoBone 3D Printing Control System

\## Overview

SonoBone is an advanced control system for a robotic 3D printing setup,
designed to interface with a Mecademic robot arm and custom extrusion
system. This software provides a comprehensive solution for G-code
interpretation, robot control, and print visualization.

\## Features

\- G-code file parsing and translation - Real-time robot arm control -
Extrusion system management via Arduino - 3D print path visualization -
User-friendly GUI for print control and monitoring - Adaptive printing
with real-time adjustments

\## System Requirements

\- Python 3.7+ - Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (or compatible OS) - Mecademic robot
arm - Arduino-based extrusion control system

\## Installation

1\. Clone the repository: \`\`\` git clone
https://github.com/yourusername/SonoBone.git \`\`\`

2\. Install required Python packages: \`\`\` pip install -r
requirements.txt \`\`\`

3\. Connect the Mecademic robot and Arduino-based extrusion system.

\## Usage

1\. Launch the main application: \`\`\` python main.py \`\`\`

2\. Use the GUI to:  - Initialize the robot  - Load G-code files  -
Start, pause, and stop prints  - Adjust print parameters in real-time  -
Visualize the print path

\## File Structure

\- \`main.py\`: Main entry point of the application - \`control/\`: Core
control scripts  - \`gcode_translator.py\`: G-code parsing and
translation  - \`gcode_visualization.py\`: 3D visualization of print
paths  - \`stepper_control.py\`: Arduino communication for extrusion
control  - \`utility_functions.py\`: Helper functions for robot
control - \`gui/\`: GUI-related files - \`globals/\`: Global state and
robot statistics

\## Contributing

Contributions to SonoBone are welcome. Please follow these steps:

1\. Fork the repository 2. Create a new branch (\`git checkout -b
feature/AmazingFeature\`) 3. Commit your changes (\`git commit -m \'Add
some AmazingFeature\'\`) 4. Push to the branch (\`git push origin
feature/AmazingFeature\`) 5. Open a Pull Request

\## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See \`LICENSE\` for more information.

\## Contact

Your Name - your.email@example.com

Project Link:
\[https://github.com/yourusername/SonoBone\](https://github.com/yourusername/SonoBone)

\## Acknowledgements

\- \[Mecademic Robotics\](https://mecademic.com/) -
\[Arduino\](https://www.arduino.cc/) -
\[Python\](https://www.python.org/)xS
